Dominique Pozo: Today, yeah.
No.
Dominique Pozo: No.
Dominique Pozo: I just got your text. Yeah.
Martin Price: Okay, good, good. I wasn't sure I thought maybe because there was a memorial day that
Martin Price: You know, we weren't gonna meet, but I just wasn't sure.
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah, I'm one moment, I'm just going to clear one thing on my phone here.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: How are you doing,
Martin Price: Not too bad. My niece. My 38 year old niece.
Martin Price: came and visited this weekend, and she was trying to, like, you know,
Martin Price: cheer me up and she's like a realtor in Colorado Springs and
Martin Price: He really helped me a lot like she listed the House on Zillow
Martin Price: As a rental and you know data video of it where she described the rooms and the outside so maybe we'll get a couple guys are interested in it for two or three months.
Martin Price: Great. He was, I don't know. I guess he kind of felt like she needed needed to come down here and bolster up my
Martin Price: When I say ego by just, you know, try and
Martin Price: Get me to feel a little bit better about things.
Martin Price: Because I get, you know, I just get kind of despondent and
Martin Price: You know, but then I pull out a bit. I don't know what to say.
Martin Price: But anyway, she was
Martin Price: You know, it was kind of refreshing and we went for a really nice. Hi, can
Martin Price: You know, it was weird kind of being with somebody for like 48 hours, you know, because
Martin Price: It used to being alone, you know, and then you have a visitor. And it's kind of like the whole you realize how certain ways, you get, you know, when you're living alone.
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah, totally.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm so I'm wondering just
Dominique Pozo: I don't know, one of the first thing that came up in my mind was, I'm just wondering how your conversations with April have been, have they kind of opened up to some more. Maybe revealing and intimacy or how, how is that going
Martin Price: She started sending me a lot more pictures and
Martin Price: You know, a lot of the conversation is about her dealing with her son and
Martin Price: her son's girlfriends and like
Martin Price: She won't let the girlfriend come over and stay
Martin Price: It's not
Martin Price: Yeah, we've definitely had more intimate or intimate times and Holly. My niece is like you know she's not the one for you. She's back. You don't want her and you know she was really down on April and
Martin Price: I was trying to say I like I've gotten
Martin Price: myself into trouble when I always try and like focus just on like a good looking girl versus, you know, getting to know someone and
Martin Price: You know, being with them for them, you know, just the way they look, it's hard to get over the
Martin Price: Physical whatever it is attraction. But you know, I like April and she's you know what I really kind of like is she's just kind of been there for me for through through thick and thin, you know,
And
Martin Price: So on.
Martin Price: You know, Holly was just kind of being a
Martin Price: She was, I don't know what to say.
Martin Price: That
Martin Price: Like the way she felt about me was that I was
Martin Price: Very empathic that I, you know, tend to take on
Martin Price: Other people's emotions, you know,
Martin Price: Like if they're down or if they're
Martin Price: By tend to
Martin Price: You know, like, like, make them mine or something like
Dominique Pozo: What's up,
Martin Price: Kind of make them mine. I don't know how to describe it. But where you're
Dominique Pozo: Where you're taking on someone else's stuff.
Martin Price: Yeah. Yeah. And I don't know if that's like
Martin Price: The classic codependent or whatever but
Martin Price: My daughter with the one with schizophrenia. I really had that
Martin Price: Or has that badly you know she thinks she knows what other people are thinking about her and, you know, and then she's got all you know they have a she has a lot of different voices.
Martin Price: They're very critical, and they
Martin Price: Tend to
Martin Price: You know I
Martin Price: Guess she kind of like
Martin Price: Looks at the way someone's responding to her and
Martin Price: thinks she can read their minds, almost. And it's always in a negative way, I guess.
Dominique Pozo: Um, I don't know if I would label it as that's codependent I think it's also temperament and, you know, if you're a very sensitive
Dominique Pozo: If you have a sensitivity and you're a deep feeler which it seems like you are then I think it's the work is to recognize okay that's there's this is mine.
Dominique Pozo: You know how much it's been able to kind of tease it apart and and allow someone to have their experience and not it doesn't. I don't think it serves anyone if both people are feeling down and out about it. Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, I always hate being, you know, I remember with my wife. I just always hated being like, if we got in a fight and was unresolved. I was just so troubled by it. You know, I could hardly sleep and
Martin Price: I always wanted things to be on an even keel. And so, like, that's why I always I was always like the first one to apologize and I was always apologizing, because you know I just couldn't scan.
Martin Price: Describe it. The, you know, the bad feelings or whatever out there.
Dominique Pozo: Right. Okay. Well, this is a great thing to touch on, because part of
Dominique Pozo: What people who tend to become you know their dependence on a substance, it's often because the window of tolerance for discomfort is is is not that large yet. So, you know, someone will have uncomfortable feelings and then go to take the pill or shut up or whatever.
Martin Price: whatever they're doing
Dominique Pozo: Or drink, you know, drink.
Dominique Pozo: Or have sex or, you know, this compulsive behavior, whatever the addiction is or work. I mean, work is another one.
Martin Price: right for me or running
Martin Price: You know, exercising.
Dominique Pozo: So it comes in so many forms, and I think some good work that we can keep doing is tolerating discomfort, learning how to tolerate it.
Dominique Pozo: And be okay with it. It's not fun. It doesn't feel good yet. I think the more that you experienced that. OK, I can feel uncomfortable and I know how to take care of myself and I'm going to get through this. The less that you'll
Dominique Pozo: In the future, reach towards anything, whether it's a woman or work or a drink or a pill, all of it you know that's that's a big part of the, you know, recovery process, I think, is learning how to tolerate
Martin Price: It was low tolerance for emotional pain kind of her emotional outbursts.
Dominique Pozo: Totally. So if you want to write down in quotes growing the window of tolerance, that's, that's something I want to keep focusing on
Dominique Pozo: And what that takes is turning towards the uncomfortable feelings not away from them.
Dominique Pozo: Sitting with them breathing through them writing about them making art through them making music, whatever. However, you can stick with it.
Right.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's always been like an issue with me and I think it was just
Martin Price: There was so much like kind of conflict and turbulence in my house when I grew up, that
Martin Price: Maybe I was always trying to find a way to settle it down or something or get to stop or whatever.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, and I, I imagine to that maybe some of that.
Dominique Pozo: Maybe anxiety that comes up a few start to feel uncomfortable. It's so related to, you know, that younger part that was like couldn't control the situation and it didn't.
Dominique Pozo: Feel good you know
Martin Price: So,
Martin Price: I mean, I can't really like
Martin Price: Sink back and relate to it that well, but it makes sense.
Dominique Pozo: And you know, we don't even need to trace it and come up with memories and all this. I think the the practices. Okay, next time this is, this will be your homework, next time you feel uncomfortable feelings.
Dominique Pozo: To just sit with it track your body notice. Okay, where am I feeling this and really locate okay like maybe like for me if I have uncomfortable feeling sometimes my chest gets kind of tight.
Dominique Pozo: Sometimes I get tension in my throat. So really tracking okay where does this live
Dominique Pozo: And then going going into it a little more, and at the same time without having to come up with a story of what happened in the past. Just think of your little boy. The little boy you
Dominique Pozo: And just in your mind's eye just give him a hug or or stroke him and just say, You know, I'm here, I'm here to take care of you. We're going to be okay. We're going to get through this.
Martin Price: Yeah, I, I had like today.
Martin Price: It was really weird. I've been kind of tired because I've been exercising all app, but it's like it's much more easy for me to kind of step back
Martin Price: And and
Martin Price: See my thoughts you know and like
Martin Price: Either about Michelle or or whatever, you know, and it's funny to kind of watch that tape go round and round and round and to be able to detach from it a little bit.
Martin Price: No, that was a good feeling rather than getting so stuck in it.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah, that's it sounds like you were being the witness, which is the big
Dominique Pozo: Part of this
Dominique Pozo: Right, just watching what's going on and you know not. Yeah, as you say, getting get stuck in it.
Martin Price: I'm just writing some of this down.
Dominique Pozo: Sure, sure, sure.
Martin Price: Yeah, so I don't know if the right term.
Martin Price: For I was empathic but it just kind of
Martin Price: It sort of made sense to me to somebody who empathizes too much or something, you know,
Dominique Pozo: I don't know if you have any interest. So when I was living in New Mexico. I had. And when I was in school for, you know, studying my program. I had a great teacher and mentor who
Dominique Pozo: Would look at astrology charts to look at the character structure people and we were we were looking at clients and people that you know I was seeing when I was in my practice them through the lens of astrology and it's it's really fascinating because we do have different these different
Dominique Pozo: Personality signatures. And I wonder if you have any interest in and absolutely no pressure, but some things that helps to see okay there's some strong energy with, you know, these certain their archetypes is what they are. The, the planets are archetypes. Have you ever gotten into any astrology.
Martin Price: You mean like Leo or Pisces or
Martin Price: Yeah, so
Dominique Pozo: So the signs which are the constellations, there they are there. They're like,
Dominique Pozo: They're like an energetic field that is an archetype. And then at the time of our birth certain planets, the sun, the moon, they were passing through certain constellations, when we were born and then that kind of creates an energetic that it's
Dominique Pozo: Just
Dominique Pozo: It was very interesting to look at and i i mean i'm so blown away about how sometimes accurate and helpful. It is to
Dominique Pozo: Look at someone's and all it is, it's, it's our tendencies. It's okay. What do we tend towards where the weaknesses in our chart and where the strength and how do we support ourselves.
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean, I'd be willing to take a look at it that way.
Dominique Pozo: Sure. So anytime we can do it today or next time, whatever you wish. If you just at some point when you want it. Give me your birth information, but the place the time
Dominique Pozo: The date. And that's, that's all I need. So the location where you're born, the time and the date.
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know the time. I mean, I obviously know the date the place but
Dominique Pozo: The time really helps because the this you know as the sun's rising that that's part of it, the ascendant in
Dominique Pozo: The chart and it's it's really
Martin Price: Good to do
Dominique Pozo: You do.
Martin Price: For 15 PM.
Dominique Pozo: Do you have any interest. So we look at your chart, would you want to do that. Sure.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna pull it up.
Dominique Pozo: I need to plug in. Let me um let me get this up.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: Okay, what is the date.
Martin Price: August 3 1959
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and then the time
Martin Price: It says 4:15pm
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then, where were you born
Martin Price: It was Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Dominique Pozo: So have you ever. Have you ever had anybody look at your chart. Do you know like when I pull this up. Is it going to be like a different language.
Martin Price: Oh, my daughter talks about it. Oh, she always looked at looks at
Martin Price: I don't know those astrological
Martin Price: Reports that you know sense like a, here's what a Leo was going to encounter today and we're feel today.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Martin Price: She's really into it.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so let's um
Dominique Pozo: So I'm gonna pull it up now and
Dominique Pozo: Oh wow wow you got a lot in Leo.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's i'm going to share the screen with you.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Can you see that
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Martin Price: Did you just make that
Dominique Pozo: I didn't make it. No, I have a program where I plug I plug all the information and then it, it gives me because I do this to this is with certain clients if they're interested. We'll look at their chart to look at character structure and
Dominique Pozo: If someone's into it. I'm it's sometimes it's helpful so
Dominique Pozo: So let's see here. You've got
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well, this is your son. This is the the constellation that the sun was in when you were born, which is Leo.
Dominique Pozo: And then looks like your moon, you've got so much and Leo well
Dominique Pozo: Your, your moon the moon's right on the cusp. It's in Leo as well. Mercury so
Martin Price: Let's do that. Mega something
Dominique Pozo: Or so this is
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, this is Leo right here, this one. So the archetype of Leo is it's very warm hearted. It's very generous. It's a fire sign. So there's, there's, there's a generative energy about it and
Dominique Pozo: I'm just looking here what so where if you if you imagine that there's a place in you that wants support, what would that be so we can look at your chart and try to find an area that would support that.
Martin Price: Word again.
Martin Price: What is
Dominique Pozo: What is there is what aspect of your life do you want, would you want a little more insight on how to support yourself because
Dominique Pozo: What we're looking at here is kind of your native tendencies, your ways of operating. So if there's, you know, if you have a
Dominique Pozo: Inquiry around. Okay, I really want to be able to support myself more in this area, then I'm going to look at your chart and say, okay, well here's
Dominique Pozo: Here's a place that if you haven't already really developed it are focused on it. There's a very natural tendency here. So let's see what it's like. If you start to really focus on that.
Martin Price: Yeah, I guess it would be like
Martin Price: Asking for and accepting help kinda
Dominique Pozo: Ok ok so that that would be your house of communication, which is typically the third house that's ruled by Gemini and you don't have
Dominique Pozo: You don't have anything. And so here's Gemini right here. This is the symbol, the glyphs for Gemini and
Dominique Pozo: In the sixth house and when something's in the sixth house.
Dominique Pozo: That's about it's the, it's very particular that is this House talks, it speaks to
Dominique Pozo: When someone really puts their mind to developing a skill and is very precise. So something that I'm already getting is that with
Dominique Pozo: If you're going to communicate, you need to be very precise about you know what what you're needing and ask for it with a lot of clarity. So being very clear.
Dominique Pozo: You have a capacity to do this naturally. If you've got a flex the muscle really taking the time to think about, Okay, what is it that I want to need. And then once you start practicing this. There's a there could be a lot of ease and doing
Dominique Pozo: And and speaking from your heart, you know, your mercury is is also is the glue the the archetype of communication and this is also in Leo and leal so warm and is so connected to the heart. So really,
Dominique Pozo: I think that this could be helpful to summon the courage to speak from your heart, your truth and you won't go wrong.
Dominique Pozo: How does that sound when I
Martin Price: Was like
Martin Price: my older daughter called me today and
Martin Price: You know she was talking about ways to like help hold on to the house here, you know, and
Martin Price: You know her and her boyfriend. Like if she could work remotely she could come, they could come down here and live or something like that, you know, which is
Martin Price: I'm looking for ways to try and help pay the mortgage
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Martin Price: And it's so that was kind of neat, you know, is like
Martin Price: I don't know, I just feel like for 60 years or not 60 years but for 34 years of marriage or whatever. I just felt like I
Martin Price: I did my best to like take care of everybody financially, you know,
Martin Price: And and then I've kind of had this kind of reversal of fortunes in the last couple years and
Martin Price: So yeah, I need to be able to, like, number one, ask for help. And then if someone
Martin Price: Is offering help you know
Martin Price: Open up to it.
Dominique Pozo: And it would be really helpful if you're very specific with like getting very clear about the
Dominique Pozo: specificities of the kind of help you need what that looks like for you. That's what this is telling me here is that
Dominique Pozo: You know, it being very precise with it and and this is interesting. Your cairon which is this is like the wound. All of us have a limp in our chart and your limp is in the second house which is all about.
Dominique Pozo: Like money home. It's the, the, like the the mundane and this is where the limp is and it's in Aquarius, which to me.
Dominique Pozo: That's an air sign. It's about thinking out of the box. And I think what comes to my mind around this. What you spoke about a number of times around your finances is, you know, thinking it through and thinking it through in your own way, not, not the way that the the
Dominique Pozo: You know the status quo. It's like, you, you, you have the capacity to do this in a different way, but is maybe innovative or
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, is out of the box.
Dominique Pozo: And I think that that might support the wounds that you've experienced so far. If you're able to get out of the box of
Dominique Pozo: Of the way that it's supposed to be and do it. Martin's way, you may, you may, it may
Dominique Pozo: Support this place that is kind of a weakness in the chart.
Martin Price: So the wound is like
Martin Price: My lamb and
Martin Price: And it's around
Martin Price: I mean, it was something I was born with.
Dominique Pozo: So the second house is all about. Yeah, its security its finances its home it's it's the material realm. It's like
Dominique Pozo: The foundations and yeah and we all have them. We all have our everyone has a cairon in their chart and it hits different parts of the
Dominique Pozo: The chart. And again, please take this all with a grain of salt. You know, this is it's not the way it is. It's just one lens of potentially looking at things with some more insight.
Dominique Pozo: And if it resonates. Great. And if it doesn't, toss it you know
Martin Price: So you're kind of saying, Get out of the normal way of thinking about finances.
Dominique Pozo: Well, how does that sound to you when I say when I say that it may be helpful to think out of the box a little bit with you know
Dominique Pozo: The way that you're managing your money or or have been managing your money. How does that sound to you.
Martin Price: Um, well, kind of to me like a
Martin Price: I
Martin Price: Didn't have very good discipline in 2019 and that's why
Martin Price: You know I'm struggling now.
Martin Price: So it's kind of like I felt like I sort of threw caution to the wind and it it really
Martin Price: Kind of boomerang done. It was, you know, really took its toll.
Dominique Pozo: So just throwing caution to the wind equate to out of the box for you.
Martin Price: Probably, yeah.
Martin Price: When it comes to finances.
Martin Price: You know, it was like Michelle had this super sad story and I was just all about
Martin Price: Helping her out financially.
Martin Price: You know, to make her family's life better, you know, and it
Martin Price: You know, part of it was me, seeking her love. I get that. But there was also a big part of me that genuinely wanted to help her, you know, and her family.
Martin Price: You know, but now like as more of the truth comes out. It's like, I just realized, a lot of it was just fabrications on her part, so I really don't know how much of it was true or not, but that's where I felt I felt like I was coming from a reasonably good place.
Dominique Pozo: Something that comes up for me, which I'm curious about is, you know, are you holding the story and a belief that which is very, it's more of a traditional belief that the man has got to support the woman or
Dominique Pozo: Got a kind of be this.
Dominique Pozo: Like Prince that shows up and takes care of her, and
Martin Price: Yeah, the Savior.
Dominique Pozo: So that
Martin Price: I realized that's what it was all about. And I just felt, you know, always. I was always like when we talked. I was always trying to like crazy, sir, for being a single mom and working so hard and you know
Martin Price: Like almost like comparing her to, you know,
Martin Price: You know the Virgin Mary, or something, you know, because she's like
Martin Price: From a Catholic family and I was always really building her up, you know, and
Martin Price: I think there is a part of her that really like that, you know, like my friend George just thinks it was just this huge scam. But I think there was there was a bit of
Martin Price: You know, I was
Martin Price: Like feeding or ego or something like that.
Dominique Pozo: Totally. That's what came to my mind, it seems much more complex to me that you know her ego is getting stroke than your you know how playing your part.
Martin Price: Yeah, and I
Dominique Pozo: Guess I guess the question which I'm going to invite you to think about this week two is you know what beliefs. Do you have around
Dominique Pozo: Money and what's right do with it, or what's the right thing and then if you if you really check in with you know what's, what's your way. What is your
Dominique Pozo: What feels most natural for you in the way that you manage your money. So I guess what
Dominique Pozo: When I look at your chart and I see the wound there in that house and that sign what it makes me think of is getting more familiar with what is my way, regardless of what anyone else says what anyone else may expect you know what feels best to you.
Martin Price: And when you say to wound. What do you mean like it's something that I fear.
Dominique Pozo: It's kind of the place where we're most vulnerable. That's what it is like you know when a wound is like open and raw it's vulnerable that there's a myth. This cairon was, I believe, was one of
Dominique Pozo: The Centaurs in in the Greek mythology.
And
Dominique Pozo: He's the Centaur that I believe shot Achilles heel and so it has to do with this notion that we have this week.
Dominique Pozo: It's, it's about our wound and it's also our strength. It's like from the wounds. We get taken down and we we get a lot of insight. If we really, if we're with them and stick with the places of pain and
Dominique Pozo: Difficult difficulty we we learn more
Dominique Pozo: We learn we can learn more. It's kind of like, you know, this journey that you're on with
Dominique Pozo: The Suboxone and and really getting off it. I imagine you're going to come through this with a lot more self awareness and this was a big hit in your life story.
Martin Price: What the thing with Michelle or
Dominique Pozo: No, no, taking, you know, getting been having an addiction to the pills and then getting on the Suboxone and get going through this recovery program and coming out, you know, that's
Dominique Pozo: That's kind of like a wound or a hit in your life story and I imagine you're going to come out of this program and through this with a lot more self awareness so
Dominique Pozo: These wounds in our chart. They're not only wounds, but they're there, they, they can be our strength if we learn how to turn them around.
Dominique Pozo: Does that make sense.
Martin Price: Yeah, I guess I kind of got my wound or my vulnerability was the whole being loved thing. You know, like
Wow.
Dominique Pozo: Well, that's huge. I mean, so, so the Kira on here. I'm going to share this. Again, it's not the only wound in the chart.
Dominique Pozo: Leo's Leo's love to be loved. They want to be stroked, they want to be told. They're the best. Yeah. And look at all. You have and Leah.
Dominique Pozo: You've got your ruin your Sun, Mercury this here. This is you're honest, it looks like you're Pluto's in Virgo here, but you've got four really huge thing. So there's definitely a natural
Dominique Pozo: inclination to want to be appreciated adored stroked, all these things.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: We love that they love to be told how wonderful they are
Martin Price: Yeah, I guess we all do, but
Dominique Pozo: Sure.
Martin Price: When somebody tells me that I don't
Martin Price: I'm not able to internalize it. You know, I'm not able to accept that.
Martin Price: But, you know, anyway, it was really nice to
Martin Price: Hear my older daughter actually talking about
Martin Price: You know, ways to keep the house and ways to
Martin Price: Help me out and stuff like that. I just can't because I'm man, I just feel kind of like drained, you know, was
Martin Price: Like taking care of three kids and
Martin Price: You know, getting them all through college and everything like that. And sometimes it just feels like
Martin Price: There's never any reciprocity, you know, they never turn and look at you and say, oh boy, because I think they've always seen me is like,
Martin Price: Very strong and independent and
Martin Price: And, you know, in a way, it's good because it actually kind of brings your family together.
Martin Price: You know, it's like the American dream or whatever is to be you get retired and your self sufficient everything like that and
Martin Price: And lots of times the kids, they're going to go do the same thing, right, and they're, they're going to be working while you're retired and they don't have time to see it. And, you know, kind of the way my family was is we all scattered to the four winds
Martin Price: Right and
Martin Price: There was never this idea that we were going to take care of one another, you know, and it was funny because my ex wife, my second wife.
Martin Price: Her family was so kind of traumatized and destroyed by their dad. He like lost the house and
Martin Price: You know, ran off and you know they had to get Section eight housing and everything that it
Martin Price: pulled them together so they're a very tight.
Knit family.
Martin Price: And my family is just the opposite. You know, I think because my dad was all about being independent and financially.
Martin Price: You know together and
Martin Price: So this is going to be a kind of a new realm. For me, it's like either trying to accept.
Martin Price: Either one of my daughters help or
Martin Price: Or having a roommate or something like that or
Dominique Pozo: So when you say that your daughter and her husband are thinking of coming to live with. They help pay the rent.
Martin Price: For this, it's a boyfriend. I mean, they're talking about. We could build a casita or something like that, you know, or
Martin Price: You know, they want to build a
Martin Price: What are they, tiny house or whatever.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Yeah.
Martin Price: kind of idea.
Martin Price: Uh huh. What I'm
Martin Price: Gonna do is they'd probably stick me in it and they take
Dominique Pozo: Well,
Dominique Pozo: I like I like just hearing what
Dominique Pozo: It seems to me that it's a good feeling, you know, when you think about your daughter and her boyfriend maybe coming. It seems like that's positive. Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: I don't know how well we've lived together, but it's just like
Martin Price: You know, the plan is like
Martin Price: I was going to be
Martin Price: financially well off, you know,
Martin Price: And it doesn't. And I guess what I'm saying is I'm opening up my mind to this idea that
Martin Price: You know, opening up to, to help from your daughters or siblings or whatever is is sort of a way to help bring a family back together rather than this kind of siloed deal where everybody like my brother, you know, his whole goal is just to be financially.
Martin Price: Together and he just never he's pretty shut behind you know he doesn't want him to talk to my sister and he's just like very antisocial and just wants his little empire, you know, on doesn't want to deal with anybody else except for me. He's always like felt bad about
Martin Price: taking it out on me when I was young, because my dad would take it out on him, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Just pass it down to you.
Martin Price: Yeah, yeah. So he's always been trying to make it up to me.
Martin Price: Because he did a lot of crappy things, you know. And so finally, the opportunity came where I said, well, if you'll pay for. If you can start paying for Wiley's treatment center. Cause that would be a huge help you know
Martin Price: And so he's been doing that and that's been pretty cool.
Martin Price: But that whole financial
Martin Price: Privacy or whatever that my dad drove into our heads, you know,
Martin Price: Yeah. In the end it.
Martin Price: You just create like these little everybody's got their little empire, and there's no driver to bringing us together, you know,
Dominique Pozo: There's no connection. Yeah, I mean, the sense I get is that there's a lot of kind of individualism, which is a
Dominique Pozo: Cultural thing. It is the American Way to just do you do well get the kids out if they are able to do it on their own. They're great and
Dominique Pozo: It does create a lot of separateness
Martin Price: Yeah, and
Martin Price: You know, I've taken care of my youngest
Daughter
Martin Price: You know she's almost 30 now and
Martin Price: It's just been very expensive, you know, got all the treatment centers and it just went on and on. And, you know, and I helped my older daughter get through.
Martin Price: Graduate School and even hams daughter. You know, I spent a lot of money on her to, you know, and
Martin Price: She wasn't even my kid.
Martin Price: And so like you can't get to age 60 and like you're scrambling and trying to put it all back together and
Martin Price: You know, I think maybe it'll be good for me to like Accept helpers, ask for help and accepted.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I mean, if anything, would I. The be an insight from what you're saying and then it seems validated in the chart is that that wounded there.
Dominique Pozo: Is, you know, is rethinking your beliefs around the way that you need to be with your money. Just, just think about it, you know, it's something to consider. And think about what, what, you know, what did your dad.
Martin Price: Have been so generous with it or no already learned that lesson.
Dominique Pozo: No, I mean what I'm hearing from your story is, it seems to me there's this belief that you need to be the provider.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: You know, you need to provide for everyone, your kids, your girlfriend's their kids, everyone.
Martin Price: Yeah, right.
Dominique Pozo: I'm not saying that that's a bad thing. I'm just saying to think about it. And, you know, maybe there's there's another way that maybe feels more supportive to you, you can still be generous, but maybe there's more balanced more reciprocity in some way.
Martin Price: Or yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Martin Price: I just
Martin Price: I don't know man, like, especially after my second marriage is just like I was
Martin Price: As soon as I
Martin Price: wasn't working, you know, the whole dynamic change, you know,
Martin Price: I was no longer the provider, you know,
Martin Price: She really wasn't into me.
Martin Price: Not working. And she was working, I guess.
Dominique Pozo: So what could you do different with both your daughter potentially coming to live with you with her boyfriend and
Dominique Pozo: April. What could be
Dominique Pozo: Just like a
Dominique Pozo: slight adjustment in your way. Your the way you have been with money and and women and their children. What could be different.
Dominique Pozo: So that you don't repeat a pattern that something, you know, clearly it's something you're not satisfied with I heard it.
Martin Price: I mean, I was satisfied with it when things were going well, but
Martin Price: Now, and money's an issue. It just can't, it's not realistic.
Dominique Pozo: Were you satisfied with it with Michelle bow. I'm, I'm wondering
Martin Price: I was for quite a while until I
Martin Price: Just started realizing that it just become all about that, you know,
Dominique Pozo: All of the money.
Martin Price: I mean, in the beginning, it was really fun and
Martin Price: But then this whole business loan thing happened about halfway through our time together and
Martin Price: It really soured the whole relationship. I think she felt like it was, it wasn't supposed to be alone, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Martin Price: And I was making it very clear that it needed to be alone and yeah
Martin Price: So anyway.
Martin Price: Yeah, I'd have to like think about it. I, I just, like, right now I just feel like I have to focus on myself and take care of myself and I can't, I'm not in a position to help anybody right now.
Dominique Pozo: Well, that sounds very reasonable and it sounds like it's really supporting
Dominique Pozo: A new way of being a thinking of yourself and it's
Dominique Pozo: What I hear is that you've thought about everyone else for so long and so this is this is a new new to actually
Martin Price: If you like it'd be interesting to hear how they all about it, you know.
Dominique Pozo: Like who and
Martin Price: Thought about my daughters are my ex wife, you know, it's like
Martin Price: If they felt like I was provider for them or if they
Martin Price: Thought that I, that was what they deserved, you know, or if they felt I was being generous or or why you know
Martin Price: Or if I just like had such a pattern of doing it. It just seemed like why not go along with it.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. I mean, are you in good enough terms with these folks to ask them and
Martin Price: Not Pam, not my second wife, obviously not. Michelle, but you know
Martin Price: Honestly, just hearing my daughter talk today, my older daughter talk about helping me
Martin Price: A house, really. I was like, wow, and this is like
Martin Price: Sure, nice to hear you.
Dominique Pozo: That's great. Well, I'm noticing.
Dominique Pozo: The good feelings that are coming from seen and I and I wonder how how much more satisfying. It could be in the future if you do approach these relationships and and
Dominique Pozo: You know request more reciprocity name.
Martin Price: Yeah, I'm not trying to be the Savior again.
Dominique Pozo: I wonder, I think it would be a curious thing to try something different out and see how that feels.
Martin Price: Right, yeah, I remember in the beginning with Pam. It was very
Martin Price: You know I
Martin Price: You know, from we lived together for a year and it was always like once a month we come together and I had to pay per 60% and she based she had to pay for 40% based on the kids and it went really well. It was fine.
Martin Price: I don't know when it changed it seemed like
Martin Price: I don't know, you know,
Martin Price: It was just a point in time around.
Martin Price: 2006 or something. When we got back together after a breakup that
Martin Price: I had to really start helping her out financially because their businesses failing and I just kind of accepted it, you know.
Martin Price: So anyway, I'm
Martin Price: You know, I'm trying to not just dwell in the past and
Martin Price: Trying to look at every day is a little victory, you know, because I'm working and
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, definitely. And I think
Dominique Pozo: I don't see that you're dwelling on the past. I see that you're looking to the past to get some insight and do things different. And I want to go over a bit because we started late. I just need to call in the next number for my next client who that
Dominique Pozo: Seven.
Dominique Pozo: See I'm
Dominique Pozo: See
Martin Price: I'm going to go the bathroom.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Sounds good.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So I have another like five minutes, um,
Dominique Pozo: So let's, let's do a bit of a recap takeaway. What, what, what are you walking away with from this session.
Martin Price: You know, try and like sit with uncomfortable feelings and
Martin Price: Try and run away from them.
Martin Price: Lots of times for me like
Martin Price: Kind of mid to late morning I don't have the copy catches up with me or or what but I get very anxious, you know, and you know my go to is exercise so
Martin Price: That sort of
Martin Price: I don't know what to say just makes me feel so good for the rest of the day, then it's like
Martin Price: You know, part of me recognizes like, can't you just deal with your anxiety and, you know,
Martin Price: Figure out what's causing it and learn to live with that. But the other part of me is like, well, exercise is good. It's good to get out.
Dominique Pozo: I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: I think it's good. I think maybe you can check in, like, oh, am I doing this compulsively or
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, I think it's important to get the circulation. That's great.
Martin Price: I've been doing it a lot lately. Um,
Martin Price: I think that just that whole letter from the lawyer.
Martin Price: And everything kind of brought the whole yourself going back to the forefront and then
Martin Price: Now it's kind of wearing off with that.
Martin Price: I don't know. It just kind of rekindled
Martin Price: And more emotions or something, stuff like that. There's
More
And then
Martin Price: You know, like taking a look at my beliefs around money and you know
Martin Price: One lesson is like not to lead with your wallet.
Dominique Pozo: Good one. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Good one.
Martin Price: I kind of had this philosophy that I just felt like God had been very good to me. You know, and I've been. It was like
Martin Price: You know, a lot of material abundance in my life and
Martin Price: You know, this is trying to share, to a certain extent.
Martin Price: While not
Martin Price: You know, ruining my own financial security but
Martin Price: Then I just went overboard with it.
Martin Price: After the divorce.
Martin Price: I think that Holly was saying like, you know, and holidays. My niece. And she said, well,
Martin Price: You're like, it just gotten divorced from somebody who really loved and you know it's like you're on this kind of rebound thing and you found somebody who had, you know,
Martin Price: A good relationship with and everything and then it started to just, you know, became all about money and
Martin Price: You know, so it's just a lesson, you know,
Martin Price: So I'm you know kind of turning move past that and
Martin Price: Be open minded with April and everything.
Martin Price: Seems to have her own thing going.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, sounds like it. So if you're not leading with your wallet. What would be the most ideal place to lead from where you
Martin Price: Just kind of like a
Martin Price: Good having given up on life you know for, like, at my age, I still want to be adventurous and do things. And, you know, be kind of open hearted and open minded still
Dominique Pozo: So, so if you could plug something in to this phrase I no longer lead from my wallet. I lead from blank. What would that be
Martin Price: My personality or my outlook.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Martin Price: Which is the way it's supposed to be any rain.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, let's let's keep
Dominique Pozo: Checking into that. That seems like a good anchor to keep checking in, like, okay, when you made that movement or that decision or that proposal or invitation. What, where are you leading from, you know, where you leading from your personality and your outlet
Martin Price: Like insecurity. You mean
Dominique Pozo: You know I'm I'm using your phrase of, you know, leading from your personality and your Outlook. That's what you said you would replace leading from the wallet.
Dominique Pozo: You no longer that
Martin Price: You're leading your person.
Dominique Pozo: So this seems like a good anchor to keep coming back to and asking yourself when you make when you are making decisions and movements in your life, checking in. Oh, was I reading from the place I really want to be leading from
Dominique Pozo: And if not, what was I doing
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So it's kind of keeping yourself accountable for, you know,
Dominique Pozo: I mean, that's another Leo tendency. I know that is that generosity, you know, it's, there's, there's this big, big heart that I I have, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Read and learned and witness that that is a tendency in Leo's way to to be generous and very giving them. There's nothing wrong with that. It's just really looking at, okay, what's the motivation here. And does that feel
Martin Price: Right, yeah. It's kind of like service not sacrifice or right. Yeah, something like that. You don't have to sacrifice yourself.
Dominique Pozo: And worthiness to, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, really believing that your personality and your
Dominique Pozo: Your values are enough
Martin Price: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: My turn. I gotta get ready for my next sentence.
Dominique Pozo: They're coming in a few minutes. So let's look at our calendar really quickly just to be on the same page so
Dominique Pozo: Let's see. I don't have you infer anything when would you like to come next.
Martin Price: I guess it'd be June 1
Dominique Pozo: Okay so week from today.
Martin Price: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, if you want to
Dominique Pozo: Do you want to just keep this as the weekly sessions.
Martin Price: Easier for both of us.
Dominique Pozo: Yep. And if you need to change it. Then you just let me know. As long as I have at least the day's events. That's great.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
All right.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah you to have a great day.
Dominique Pozo: Rest of your day. Okay, bye.